Author of the code review: Jacob Scherzer
Date of the code review: 2025-10-6
Sprint number: 2
Name of the .cs file being reviewed: AnimatedSprite.cs
Author of the .cs file being reviewed: Victor
Number of minutes taken to complete the review: 17 minutes.
Specific comments on readability: 
    The comments for anyone who wants to understand or work 
    on the class itself is good, with each main properties' 
    purpose explained well in a summary. The class itself 
    even has a summary for those who want to know more 
    specifically when to use this class and where. The 
    constructor has this as well, with clear explanations of 
    the purpose of each parameter. The Update method has no 
    summary, but does inherit a summary from AbstractSprite 
    that describes the method well. The main problem is the 
    anchoring. The method and the properties associated with 
    this method have no comments or summaries explaining what 
    the purpose of this anchoring is.

Author of the code review: Jacob Scherzer
Date of the code review: 2025-10-6
Sprint number: 2
Name of the .cs file being reviewed: Aquamentus.cs
Author of the .cs file being reviewed: Luke
Number of minutes taken to complete the review: 8 minutes.
Specific comments on maintainability/code quality: 
    Overall, the class works as intended, and seems to be 
    very maintainable. Any changes I could think of to the 
    structure of the components it uses would already be 
    handled or be easily handled via the current design of 
    this class. Its handling of projectiles is not optimal 
    given the current design of other components, but still 
    works just as well from the program's perspective and is 
    more suitable for if the design of those components ever 
    changes. The only change I would recommend for better 
    maintainability is to store the current projectiles in some 
    sort of collection rather than 3 individual properties, so 
    it will be easier to change the number of projectiles later 
    on if desired.