Author of the code review: Victor Zinoviev
Date of the code review: 2025-12-10
Sprint number: 5
Name of the .cs file being reviewed: CsvAreaConstructor.cs
Author of the .cs file being reviewed: Stash
Number of minutes taken to complete the review: 25
Specific comments on what is readable and what is not:
	The CsvAreaConstructor class's LoadArea method is a very long method, spanning around 100 lines of code. However, this is acceptable since
	the method deals with parsing a csv file to create the map dynamically. The is heavy nesting of if statements, which I believe can be divided
	into smaller helper methods or at least have comments explaining what each section is working on. Aside from the LoadArea method, the other methods
	are fairly easily readable. It is very helpful that there are designated methods for creating blocks, borders, enemies, and more, making it easier 
	to understand what content in the csv file corresponds to which method. However, I would recommend change the names in the CreateObject method to 
	actual words rather than the starting letters, so that it is easier to understand the what is on the map just from reading the csv file. 

Author of the code review: Victor Zinoviev
Date of the code review: 2025-12-10
Sprint number: 5
Name of the .cs file being reviewed: InventoryHUD.cs
Author of the .cs file being reviewed: Jacob
Number of minutes taken to complete the review: 20
Specific comments on code quality:
	The inventoryHUD class has high cohesion, having a single responsibility of parsing acting as a HUD component representing the player's inventory.
	I would say that the layout of the inventory could be separated into its own class for a higher cohesion, where the InventoryHUD only cares about
	the content of the inventory rather than its visual representation. This will also allow for different inventory orientations to be used easily.
	As for coupling, the class depends on the IPlayer, and the HUDSprites, which I believe has a low coupling requiring only the essential references.
	The implementations of the methods are very straightforward and easy to follow, since there are not many conditional statements. I would say that the
	use of casting is a bit concerning, since it had led to other bugs in the past. Overall, I think that this class is well written.

