Luke:
This sprint went pretty smoothly, I just spent a good chunk of time making the horde mode. I enjoyed making it but outside that, I didnt
have much to do, although I did make some changes to enemies like adding a hit cooldown so you couldnt shred enemies in seconds.

Victor:
There were no major issues in this sprint. I first focused on refactoring the HUD so that the overall structure is cleaner and easier to work with.
Then, I worked on implementing new elements in the game such as the player's buffes that were given through the fairies and addition of new keys. 
I had also helped adding visual components of the new elements our team members had added, which led me to learn more about the other classes and
refactor some of the interface methods for better usability. Overall, I think that our group did very well in communicating and each contributing
something new to the game to make it original.

Jacob:
I felt very mixed on this sprint. I enjoyed making some of the systems and seeing their results, but trying to coordinate this with
what others were doing felt odd. I never knew when to let others handle their side of things or when it was better for me to just do it
myself. Specifically, with integrating the damage system into everything, how much I should dig into other people's code to add it.
I did what was essentially a full refactoring of enemy to make it work, which I felt very bad about, as that apparently led to some
issues. Overall I feel like everything worked out, and even way better than I had thought/hoped, but I felt very stressed during it.

Stanislaw:
During Sprint 4 I got ahead of myself and started implementing elements for Sprint 5, so I've spent Sprint 5 polishing the project.
I did that by providing graphical improvements, quality of life changes, cleaning code, and adding features such as resizible window.
Despite all this effort it seemed like we started falling apart at the end due to multiple different features coming in at once, but
I believe we managed to do damage control and we finished with a good product. Overall I wish I was not as obsessively perfectionist
about this project as I ended up, but I did get really attached.

Darren:
This sprint was a new experience, since we all started working on our own modification of the game. Naturally, there was going to be 
a lot more merge conflicts. So I avoided adding changes to the same parts of the game that my teammates was working on. Coding Kirby
companion has allowed me to learn and do different aspect of the game where previously I hadn't done before. This makes for a well-rounded
project where I tried out and was involved in all aspects of the game from keyboard commands and blocks/maps to npc movement logic and 
item implementation. This sprint was a great chance to go out of what the original game had and implement my own creative idea for it.