Luke:
This sprint was a little confusing for me, as I didnt fully understand what I had to do for it. However, I took it as
an opportunity to work on refactoring enemies and getting bladetrap functioning, which ended up being a lot of work itself.
I also did some sfx,worked on the music, made 4 rooms, and implemented winning the game. I think everyone did a good job this sprint at finding something the project needed and 
getting it done. Overall, I am happy with the teams work this sprint.

Jacob:
This sprint felt strange. I was not quite sure what I was supposed to do for this. I did do a major rework of how items worked based
upon the sprint2 feedback. I also implemeneted some fun items I really liked. The sprint2 feedback said to differentiate items and
projectiles, but I disagree with this. The reasoning was based upon "different properties", but these properties are already
differentitated using actual properties like CanDamageEnemy or CanBePickedUp, as well as through virtual methods. I got to make a
song for this, which was very fun. I am not very good at songwriting, so it has been a while since I have had an excuse to do so.

Victor:
We found major bugs and inconsistencies within the code base this sprint. I feel that we used much of our time debugging and reworking
the current game system. I think that this was caused due to the quick and dirty fixes we have done to some parts, such as the player's
sprite being off center when in animation. I implemented the HUD components and game state transitions such as the title screen and the 
game over screen. In the next sprint, I am thinking on focusing on refactoring some of the issues we had this sprint, and also adding the
last elements of the game. 

Stanislaw:
This sprint I focused on getting a lot of the underlaying systems up and running, as well as upgrading the quality of existing systems. This means
that I put weeks worth of effort into stuff that could be replaced by cobbled-together minimum solutions. I added the new map parser, builder, and
organization system, which also includes stuff like room transisitons and item/enemy loading persistence. I also worked on upgrading, by doing stuff
like making the players collisions work smoother and more precise, making a debug rendering mode, or adding a simple HUD white border to better
distinguish gameplay. I also had to make and remake graphics. Incredibly busy sprint for me, where the effort didnt align completely with Spring goals.